[MUSIC]
Welcome to Introduction
to Front-end Development.
This module will equip you
with the core skills and
knowledge to thrive in
front-end development.
From planning and executing
projects to mastering the tools and
techniques that bring designs to life,
you'll build the skills
needed to confidently bring
your web projects to life.
We will begin by covering the fundamentals
of front-end development and explore
the essential practices and principles
that lead to successful projects.
Next, we'll, explore the roles and
responsibilities of a front-end engineer,
the essential skills and
technologies required, and
how to navigate the workflow
in this dynamic field.
Then we'll explore the essentials of
planning a front-end project, including
effective techniques, tool integration,
and strategies for successful execution.
Then you will learn how to execute
front-end development tasks,
including task identification, assignment,
and effective workflow management.
Next, we'll explore the basics of version
control systems, focusing on Git and
GitHub, and how they facilitate
collaboration in front-end development.
Finally, you will apply the concepts,
strategies and
skills learned throughout this module
to create a simple project plan and
version control repository on GitHub.
By the end of this module,
you will have the knowledge and
skills to competently plan, execute, and
manage front-end development projects,
from mastering essential tools and
techniques to effectively
collaborating with Git and GitHub.
Let's get started with the Introduction
to Front-End Development.
[MUSIC]